Theme: Every 10 seconds

bad 0 >-----------------------> 100 good

80		Rushed task todo
80		Twist every 10 seconds
75		Rushed Strategy Game
75		Rushed enemy wave games

65		The map change every 10 seconds
60		Time bonus on kill/pickup
50		Rythmic game
50		Clicker Game
50		Transportation / Directing Games
29.992	Memory Game
29.991	Time dilation

---------------------


Rythmic game

Clicker Game
	Clicker game, cookie clicker, saving the universe, automate things, base/builder with numbers

Rushed Strategy Game:
	card game where you have to rush to finish your turn in 10 seconds
	Reings game style game
	a chess/checkers styled game where both players only have 10 seconds to make as many legal moves as possible. afterwards the pieces will automatically play out. points are awarded for taking pieces. and obv if you get their King you win
	
Rushed enemy wave games: ++
	Wave game with wave every 10 seconds: 
		boat defence
		so.....its history time its the battle of britain every 10 seconds a german bomber wave appears you are a British anti aircraft crew on a boat???!?! the boat is the target of the bombers, defend your boat. each wave there are different types of bombers in the beginning, there are only fighters and only have bullets that do small ammount of damage, later the dive bombers, easier to hit, and do medium damage. and a lot later levels big bombers that do heavy damage and drop multiple bombs even la
		after you shootdown enough aircraft, you get special buffs, for example, once you shoot down 10 aircraft, faster shooting (cause you know, anti aircraft gun shoot slow) after 20, you get a single spitfire (plane) to help with shooting down bombers, after 30 you get a squadron of (4 to 5) to help with shooting down aircraft
		Tog: could work as a clicker game too
	you have waves of enemies every 10 seconds, increasing in intensity and you need to build the best possible defense in 10 seconds
	boat & air defence
	swap betwwen tower defence and action game every 10 second?

The map change every 10 seconds:
	overcooked desk switching / puzzel game where things change every 10 seconds
	a platformer with physics. where every 10 seconds the level rotates 90 degrees clockwise, objects fall etc. and you still have to make it to the exit
	A platformer/maze where every 10 seconds the map changes to the next in a loop of say 10 maps
	gravity change / cube maze
	a 2d platforming in a 3d world but the camera angle decides the platform part. Camera change every 10 seconds
	Planet that orbits every 10 seconds

Transportation / Directing Games:	
	Mini Metro style / rail route
	send people home every 10 seconds from work or whatever
	Package sorting where package arrive every 10 seconds

Rushed task todo:
	Everythings breaks every 10 seconds and you try to fix it
	Every ten seconds you get a new waffle and you have to eat as much waffles as possible before the waffle tower reaches the top of the screen.
	Waffle cooker where you have to flip the waffle every 10 second or it burns
	Every 10 seconds make a different small task
	multitasking game... like a mother that works from home, has pets, kids, job, plants, and every 10 seconds she has a new request
		them u can ad another chats, like dad, kids, pets... and more players more tasks are added every 10 seconds
	Keep the developer awake
	Monday Stream: Streamer that try to accomplish a task but chat send them stuff todo constantly (optional twitch integration)
	among us task style
	Cashier have to find bar code on product to scan them in super short time
		damage bar code that you have to type by hand
		karen comes bother you
		enter discount
		fake barcode on product that doesn't work
		Sale send a rush of product to you
		Converyor belt give x package to scan every 10 second
		Document with code when there is no bar code
	
Time bonus on kill/pickup:
	Add time from enemies: So, what if you have 10 seconds and all enemies have 10 seconds. And you have to kill them asap to steal their time and keep living.
	a platformer with a hard time limit of 10 seconds but every collectible you pick up gives you an extension of two seconds
	a platformer.. where you only live 10 seconds. but during that time you can hit buttons around the level to unlock doors for your next life etc. multiple lives to get through a single level
	
	top down shooter (like hotline Miami) where all you have to do is reach the end. 
		but bullet's don't kill enemies. it sends them back/forward in time 10 seconds.
		so you have to choose between shooting enemies and avoiding them
		shooting them = harder later
		avoiding them = harder at the time but easier later
	
Time dilation:
	Every 10 seconds, but each second lasts a hour in an alternate universe
		10 seconds in slomo as an alternative to that
	Superhot? Inception?

Twist every 10 seconds:
	and if you create a kind of coop game, that every 10 seconds it changes who is playing 
		and the person needs to continue the game?
	For any gametype, every 10 seconds the controls randomly change
	Every 10 seconds you get a different weapon/power
	A game that switches between a plat-former, shooter , puzzle every 10 seconds
	among us task style

Memory Game
	Or like a memory game? Where you have ten seconds to memorize something? Can be whatever.





